hey guys i have a new tag video for you
today and this is Jack's book buying
obsessions tag crazy book buying
obsessions tags tag was created by
jacket reading with Jack you can check
out his channel I'll leave the links in
the description there are 10 questions
so let's get started first question is
do you have an obsession with buying
books I would say yeah yeah yeah I do I
definitely yeah the next question is one
where and how often do you buy books you
go with someone i go to barnes and noble
whenever i can get there and sometimes i
go by myself but a lot of times i take
my cousin with me and we're just
obnoxious there we went to barnes and
noble where's your barrel we were just
being really obnoxious I put it in
Teresa's bag I just got down with a
plane oh you know the girl we ran into
I'm gonna invite her to my birthday
party that's Kelsey alright cool you're
gonna see her again she was like we were
like this at one retreat but we we
always end up spending lots of money
lately my cousin and I have this routine
or she comes over then we hang out for
about 15 minutes we get bored we go to
barnes and noble we clear out our
wallets go do something else the next
question is what kinds of things attract
you when you're buying books do you go
to one section automatically when you're
in the store I usually don't buy one
specific genre I have adult books and
yeaa books some children's books like
artemis fowl or a series of unfortunate
events I usually go straight to the Y a
section that's just where everything
usually is sometimes I go to the front
where all the the new popular stuff is
or stuff that's being made in the movie
because I like reading stuff before the
movie comes out it's really cool
well to me for some reason the next
question is do you prefer to buy new
used books or like a mix of both i
personally prefer brand new books I
don't like use books I don't unless it's
like used by some old famous dead person
I'd prefer it to be new and even that I
would like not read it I would just put
it in safekeeping the next question is
how much are you willing to spend on
books each month pretty much it depends
on how much I have this month I've spent
well over a hundred dollars like
probably around 200 I've bought tons of
books this month you don't even know I
don't even know it's gonna be hard to
like get them for my home have you ever
gone on any book buying band if I'm
ordering books online and I'm like
reading a book at the Manor and I'll
probably tell myself like okay can
finish this and then i'll buy more but
no I've never gone on one like I have to
read for to buy one it's just it's a
headache I usually don't make myself
wait you know I'm gonna get it
eventually so why horse the anxiety and
I definitely do not read them as i buy
them I can't do with Priscilla dies I
can't buy like four at a time and read
them in a month bye bye I I don't know
how she does it I pretty much just buy
all of them and read them slowly you
know my own books or at home the next
question is how long does it take you to
get around to reading recently bought
books it really depends it can take me
anywhere from five years to five days to
immediately you know if it's a brand new
release I'll tend to want to read it
right away so I can get my review up but
there have been books that i bought
years ago before I even started this
channel and I don't even know what I'm
gonna read do you prefer to buy a lot of
short cheaper books or longer more
expensive books I have a mix of both and
I've found that shorter books are
no less expensive than the longer books
I mean usually perks of being a
wallflower is like fourteen dollars and
that's a tiny little thing although a
game of thrones is like 22 dollars and
the hobbit is 25 one of the additions
although another edition of The Hobbit
is way more next question it's anything
you want to say about these awesome
obsessions no I think I'll just watch
the moths fly out of my wallet so who
are you tagging I'm tagging you so see
you guys later and